README.md, before:

Py'nFact
========

A blog-oriented static website generator.

![Py'nFact Logo][pynfact_logo]

Features:

  * Input format: Markdown
  * Output format: HTML 5
  * Jinja2 templates
  * Locale support (`gettext`)

Requirements:

  * _Python 3_
  * _Markdown_: Python implementation of Markdown.
  * _PyRSS2Gen_: A Python library for generating RSS 2.0 feeds.
  * _pyatom_: A Python library for generating Atom 1.0 feeds.
  * _Unidecode_: ASCII transliterations of Unicode text
  * _Jinja2_: A small but fast and easy to use stand-alone template
              engine written in pure python.


Why this name?
--------------

Granted it will be used on the "web", the word "log" in Latin may be
translated as *INdicem FACTorum*, hence *InFact* or **'nFact** to be
more easily pronounceable when prepending the prefix *py-*.

Also, *pyblog*, *pyblic*, *pyweblog* and many other cool names were
taken either in GitHub or Google Code.


First notes
-----------

This project is in development, so there are some features that are
not working yet, such as the *Disqus* capability. Other than that, the
only thing it lacks is to deploy it as a package.

For usage, configuration and more information read the [GitHub Wiki
section](https://github.com/alberteromero/pynfact/wiki) associated to
this project.


License
-------

*Py'nFact* is distributed under 3-Clause BSD (New BSD License).
More information in `LICENSE` file.

&copy;&nbsp;2012, A.&nbsp;Romero.


[pynfact_logo]: https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/-FUcG8rmOvIw/UIVzI-fi7LI/AAAAAAAAADQ/WVGkil5tJa4/s800/pynfact.png

Commit message:

Removed Disqus-not-ready message in `README.md`.

README.md, after:

Py'nFact
========

A blog-oriented static website generator.

![Py'nFact Logo][pynfact_logo]

Features:

  * Input format: Markdown
  * Output format: HTML 5
  * Jinja2 templates
  * Locale support (`gettext`)

Requirements:

  * _Python 3_
  * _Markdown_: Python implementation of Markdown.
  * _PyRSS2Gen_: A Python library for generating RSS 2.0 feeds.
  * _pyatom_: A Python library for generating Atom 1.0 feeds.
  * _Unidecode_: ASCII transliterations of Unicode text
  * _Jinja2_: A small but fast and easy to use stand-alone template
              engine written in pure python.


Why this name?
--------------

Granted it will be used on the "web", the word "log" in Latin may be
translated as *INdicem FACTorum*, hence *InFact* or **'nFact** to be
more easily pronounceable when prepending the prefix *py-*.

Also, *pyblog*, *pyblic*, *pyweblog* and many other cool names were
taken either in GitHub or Google Code.


First notes
-----------

This project is in development, so there are some bugs that need to be fixedand it needs to be deployed as a package.

For usage, configuration and more information read the [GitHub Wiki
section](https://github.com/alberteromero/pynfact/wiki) associated to
this project.


License
-------

*Py'nFact* is distributed under 3-Clause BSD (New BSD License).
More information in `LICENSE` file.

&copy;&nbsp;2012, A.&nbsp;Romero.


[pynfact_logo]: https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/-FUcG8rmOvIw/UIVzI-fi7LI/AAAAAAAAADQ/WVGkil5tJa4/s800/pynfact.png
